Traces clarification fix (#3202)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry.io: content/en/docs/concepts/signals/traces.md

sophisticated mesh of services, traces are essential to understanding the full
"path" a request takes in your application.

Let's explore this with three units of work, represented as [Spans](#spans):

`hello` span:

```json
{
  "name": "hello",
  "context": {
    "trace_id": "0x5b8aa5a2d2c872e8321cf37308d69df2",
    "span_id": "0x051581bf3cb55c13"
  },
  "parent_id": null,
  "start_time": "2022-04-29T18:52:58.114201Z",
  "end_time": "2022-04-29T18:52:58.114687Z",
  "attributes": {
    "http.route": "some_route1"
  },
  "events": [
    {
      "name": "Guten Tag!",
      "timestamp": "2022-04-29T18:52:58.114561Z",
      "attributes": {
        "event_attributes": 1
      }
    }
  ]
}
```

> This is the root Span, denoting the beginning and end of the entire operation. It holds the context for the trace.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is the root span, denoting the beginning and end of the entire operation. Note that it has a `trace_id` field indicating the trace, but has no `parent_id`. That's how you know it's the root span.
```

      "attributes": {
        "event_attributes": 1
      }
    },
    {
      "name": "bye now!",
      "timestamp": "2022-04-29T18:52:58.114585Z",
      "attributes": {
        "event_attributes": 1
      }
    }
  ]
}
```

> This Span encapsulates specific tasks, like saying greetings, and its parent is the 'hello' Span.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This span encapsulates specific tasks, like saying greetings, and its parent is the `hello` span. Note that it shares the same `trace_id` as the root span, indicating it's a part of the same trace. Additionally, it has a `parent_id` that matches the `span_id` of the `hello` span.
```

  ]
}
```

> This Span represents salutations and, like the previous one, it's a child of the 'hello' Span.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This span represents the third operation in this trace and, like the previous one, it's a child of the 'hello' Span. That also makes it a sibling of the `hello-greetings` span.
```
